where did you see that we did not
answered a number of remarks
who made comparisons
on the quality of cars
we did not play in my place
colleague roland romeyer who will surely
receive a registered letter from the
share of his goalkeeper tomorrow morning
because it's true that he put him
such pressure when speaking of ferrari
that sometimes it's hard to arrive
when the cars are on the side of Lyon
with a shot of michel bastos all at
exceptional fact not I am
so happy for my supporters to
we to me who are so happy to
demonstrate that since actually
almost two decades
the olympique lyonnais flies over this derby
but it's true that we do not build
a future and a future by looking
only the palmares when we were
good 30 years ago ben we were good ago
30 years the important thing is to be good at
this moment I think we must aim
as has been said since the beginning of
season but at the time we were already
not credible so we must aim to
find the champion's league the most
quickly possible and in any case the podium
good from there we have a match that is
very important against nancy Wednesday
and then bah after the paris match
eventually there will be questions
maybe different but until the match
paris paris remains by far the
favorite on the one hand because he has a
considerable budget and then that he has some
qualities we saw against porto
lately or even yesterday in his match
of championship against evian which shows
that he always remains the very tall
favorite of the media and that's good like that
it can be a possibility we can
would be very very happy we are
two modest provincials that would
very satisfied to be autumn champion
if nothing else